[rocprofiler-systems] Add Fortran main detection to rocprof-sys-instrument to avoid instrumenting around C "main" wrapper (#1322)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Updated the grouping of "kernel dispatch" and "memory copy" events in Perfetto traces. They are now grouped together by HIP Stream rather than separately and by hardware queue.

> - Improved Fortran main function detection to ensure `rocprof-sys-instrument` instruments around the actual Fortran program main instead of the C wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved Fortran main function detection to ensure `rocprof-sys-instrument` uses the Fortran program main function instead of the C wrapper.
```

Author: See commit 8ac7e8f
